Enabling KaTex Instructions (#217)
alex-shpak/hugo-book: README.md

  BookServiceWorker = true
```

### KaTex

> By default, Goldmark doees not render KaTex. To enable it, append the following to your ```config.toml``` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Goldmark does not render KaTex. To enable it, append the following to your ```config.toml``` file. 
```
